The Baby Piggy
Peppa and George are visiting
their big cousin Chloe.
Today,
as well as seeing Chloe,
you are going to
meet your new cousin.
Oooh!
Peppa and herfamily have
arrived at Chloe's house.
Hello!
Hello, everyone!
Hello, Peppa and George!
This is Chloe,
Peppa and George's big cousin.
But where's our new cousin?
Here's your new baby cousin!
Ooh!
The new cousin is a tiny,
baby piggy.
Ooh! How beautiful!
Is it a girl baby?
No, it's a boy.
Oh. I wish it was a girl.
Me, too.
George is pleased
the baby is a boy.
Dine-Saw!
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
I think the baby's too Little
to play with dinosaurs.
George.
The baby doesn't
want to play with you.
It wants to play with me.
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Peppa, the baby is much
too Little to play ball games.
But if it can't play with
a dinosauror a ball,
what can it do?
It eats and it sleeps.
Burp!
And it does that.
Aunty Pig, can I hold the baby?
Yes.
If you're very careful,
you can hold Alexander.
Alexander?
That's his name,
"Baby Alexander'.
What a big name
forsuch a small piggy.
It's quite nice,
even though it's a boy.
Oh. What's that smell?
Maybe Alexander's
nappy needs changing.
Euggh! Disgusting!
Peppa, when you were
a baby you wore nappies.
I did not.
Mummy, can I play with Peppa
and George in the garden?
Yes.
Chloe, is it nice having
a Little baby brother?
Yes. Alexander is very sweet.
I wish George was
a sweet Little baby piggy.
I know!
George can pretend to
be a baby piggy.
He can go in my doll's pram.
That's a good idea!
No!
George does not
want to be a baby.
George.
If you pretend to be a baby,
I promise to be nice
to you for everand ever.
George is thinking.
And you can play
with all my toys.
George is thinking more.
And when we get home,
you can play with all my toys.
George has decided! Goo goo goo!
What a sweet baby piggy.
Here are Candy Cat, Suzy Sheep,
Rebecca Rabbit
and Zoe Zebra.
Hello!
Why is George
in that doll's pram?
It's not George.
It's a baby piggy.
But it is George.
George is a pretend baby piggy.
Ahhhhh!
Is it a girl ora boy?
It's a girl.
No!
George does not
want to be a girl baby.
Ok. It's a boy.
I've got some cookies.
Would the baby piggy like one?
Oh no. It can't eat cookies.
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
George likes cookies!
Maybe it can have one cookie.
It's so clever!
And so handsome!
Buuuurrrp!
It's very funny!
It's the best baby piggy ever!
George likes this game.
Here is Aunty Pig
with Baby Alexander.
Wow! A proper, real baby piggy!
It's so gorgeous!
It's much sweeterthan George.
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Oh dear. George liked
being the baby piggy.
Oh, George!
You'll always be my baby piggy.
Maybe it's time for a new game.
How about some dinosaur chasing!
Eeek! Too scary!
George liked being a baby piggy,
but he likes being George more.